mr. Douglas as a lawyer
Dave Douglas has no rival you guys see
the trial the Evening News great shot of
your dad channel 8 as a father
Josh's teacher called he's flunking math
okay great
I'd say the same thing he has no clue
you have to connect with the whole
family again but an unlikely visitor
okay there's a dog in the kitchen with
an unbelievable power is about to change
his life in ways he never could have
imagined whoa whoa whoa is that me I'm
not a dog I'm clearly in a dream just
got to wake up all right I'm a dog now
last night I turned into a dog then it
turned back into being human he can't
ignore it
objection your honor mr. Douglas yeah
did you just growl at opposing counsel
he can't control it
how's football going good they're pretty
tough here yeah but seeing the world
from a new perspective hey what are you
doing in my daughter's bedroom
go fetch boy I'm not your boy and I'm
not gonna go there I'll be right back is
opening his eyes to everything he's been
missing oh my dad cares about is having
a son who's a good football player I
can't believe you think that God to make
this better there's nothing more
important to me than family
it's really a wonderful father you might
just have a very normal lifestyle Walt
Disney Pictures this spring I am dad
bingo the whole world is going to the
dogs the kids are trying to convince me
you're a dog that's where that is not
the only thing that's weird
no not that you want to see what I'm
looking at yeah Tim Allen oh [ __ ]
I meant the dog the shaggy dog